Floral Flush was made by Michelle Grewe

Websites:

Get Free Design Stuff; photos, illustrations, fonts, photoshop brushes, patterns and textures all commercial free for use at http://doodlegraphs.blogspot.com/

Read my stupid blog at http://www.crumpetsandbollocks.com

Read my blogging as I learn it at http://bellafontsblog.blogspot.com/

I'm also a contributer for a blog about Indie Publishing http://thepublishingbloggersnetwork.blogspot.com/

License:

Floral Flush is free to use for any reason. Private or Commercial. Go make millions off this stupid font. Try to donate to any cause other than the KKK and be a decent human being. God Bless. If you are an atheist, I hope that pissed you off. Just kidding. Have a good day.


About this font:

I made this font from photographs of weeds. Yes, I drove around town looking for cool looking weeds and got out of the car to take a photo on a white backboard or picked weeds looking like a crazy person so you can have this. People kept asking me what I was doing. I'm contributing to art. Quit asking too many questions. Fortunately, nobody thought I was homeless. The white backboard thingy was a trifold presentation cardboard thing near the poster board at Dollar General. For the most part, I took pictures of the shadows of plants, and then I took pictures of the plant trying not to get anything in the way of the plant and avoiding shadows. Then I opened them up in photoshop. I cropped. I auto-toned. I played with the curves making it more white and more colorful. Then I inserted graphic into an outdated version of FontCreator by High Logic. Tip, you want the pictures to be smaller, or you will starve from boredom waiting for the computer to think. 

Some of the original photos and good photos with shadows can be found on Doodlegraphs for free use. 

If you are still reading, I'm sorry about the death of your social life. Don't let it die in vain. Create something epic. 

P.S. I wrote this entire thing under the influence of cheap vodka. 

Warranty and Liability:

You can't return this. I will not refund your money, especially considering you didn't pay for it. I am not liable for any damage this font may cause, so use this font carefully. Batteries for this font are not included. 


Oh, and if you want to use it on something where you are compiling fonts or something like that, electronic reproductions, just let them know about Doodlegraphs somewhere. It's more free stuff, like that shouldn't affect your business. Oh, and don't spam if you use this font in a compilation. Don't use it for any malicious reasons like malware or spyware, or I'm suing your funky ass if I don't go all Jay and Silent Bob on you. 